### Varible interpretation:

* Countries: Colombia, Guatemala, El Salvador, Ecuador, Peru, Nicaragua, Mexico, Haiti, Honduras, Costa Rica, Venezuela.
* Conflict type: Gov (ideological or political disputes), Ter (to purely territorial disputes), Gov/Ter (both), Int/grp.
* HrFra: HrFra_1 = rhetorical provisions or mention of a human rights framework, HrFra_2 = substantive provisions concerning a human rights framework, HrFra_3 = detailed provisions for a human rights framework, indicating commitment.
* Prot: Prot_1 = rhetorical provisions or mention of protection measures, Prot_2 = substantive provisions concerning the manner in which protection measures are im- plemented, Prot_3 = detailed provisions for the implementation of protection measures.
* GCh: GCh_1 = there is only a mention of children, child rights, youth, young people, or similar; the pro- vision is purely rhetorical, GCh_2 = the agreement contains provisions that concern children, child rights, youth, young peo- ple, or similar, and the provision(s) give more detail on the mode of implementation and/or contain an anti-discrimination provision, GCh_3 = the provisions on children, child rights, youth, young people are present, substantive and substantial, giving detail and indicating commitment to implementation; the presence of rhe- torical statements does not preclude this score, as long as it is also accompanied by some substantive provisions and anti-discrimination provisions.
* GDis: GDis_1 = issues of disability or injury are merely mentioned, the provision can be said to be rhetorical, without detail or substance, GDis_2 = the agreement contains provision(s) on disability or injury, and these are detailed or include a clear anti-discrimination clause, GDis_3 = the agreement deals with issues of disability or injury in a substantive and substan- tial way, providing details on implementation modalities; alternatively, the agreement makes both fairly detailed provisions and includes an anti-discrimination clause.
* GInd: GInd_1 = indigenous peoples are merely mentioned, the provision can be said to be rhetori- cal, without detail or substance, GInd_2 = the agreement contains provision(s) on indigenous people; these provisions are detailed or include a clear anti-discrimination clause, GInd_3 = the agreement deals with issues related to indigenous people in a substantive and substantial way, providing details on implementation modalities; alternatively, the agreement makes both fairly detailed provisions and includes an anti-discrimination clause.
* GMig: GMig_1 = issues related to migrants are merely mentioned, the provision can be said to be rhetorical, without detail or substance, GMig_2 = the agreement contains provision(s) on migrants; these provisions are detailed or include a clear anti-discrimination clause, GMig_3 = the agreement deals with issues related to migrants in a substantive and substan- tial way, providing details on implementation modalities; alternatively, the agreement makes both fairly detailed provisions and includes an anti-discrimination clause.
* GSoc: GSoc_1 = social class or social origin are merely mentioned, the provision can be said to be rhetorical, without detail or substance, GSoc_2 = the agreement contains provision(s) on social class or social origin; these provisions are detailed or include a clear anti-discrimination clause GSoc_3 = the agreement deals with issues related to social class or social origin in a substan- tive and substantial way, providing details on implementation modalities; alterna- tively, the agreement makes both fairly detailed provisions and includes an anti-dis- crimination clause.
* Jus: Binary variable, takes the value of Jus_1 if the peace agreement includes any provisions deal- ing with justice. If no such provisions appear in the agreement, the value on this variable is Jus_0. This value includes all kind of Jus (JusCr, JusCrSp, JusCrSys, JusCrPow, JusNoRef).

This description is from [PACEX](https://www.peaceagreements.org/files/PA_X_codebook_Version2_June_2019.pdf).

(This is a minimal update of my original [Sequences sunburst](http://bl.ocks.org/kerryrodden/7090426) block, to work correctly with d3 v4.)

This example shows how it is possible to use a [D3 sunburst visualization](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4063423) (partition layout) with data that describes sequences of events.

I created this example in my homewor at UOC, but it is not part of any UOC product. It is covered by the Apache license (see the LICENSE file).
